---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: 'P2: Tokyo Day 0'
date: '2013-03-12 22:55:00 -00:00'
categories:
---
* Date: 2013-03-12 22:55Z
* Position: 35.689686, 139.770706
* Speed: -
* Heading: -
* Air Temp: 11C
* Wind Speed: 3 mps
* Cloud: -
* Prep: -
* SST: -
* SSS: - 

Food
-------
Yesteday I had the various airplane meals which consisted of chicken and
rice, verious fruits, and a turkey sandwich. My first actual meal in
Tokyo was a bowl of bukkake udon which was had in the basement of some
building close to Kanda Station. It was tasty, but I'm not sure how to
describe it.

Journal
-------
I arrived at the airport around 0700HST, I checked in and made it
through the TSA without incident other than some confusion as to why I
only had a one way ticket. The plane itself was a 747, which is the
largest place I've been on. I was lucky enough to have a window seat.
Other than the flight attendents, I saw perhaps 4 other non-japanese
people.

The flight itself was also uneventful, unless you count the person next
to you falling asleep and their head hitting your shoulder suddently. I
laughed a little at it, them being Japanese, I imagine they were very
embarased by it.

When able to see Japan out my window for the first time, only a few
things really struck me. The first was the number of ships in the water,
there were so many and all going in different directions. And most of
them were large ships. The second thing that struck me was that the cars
were driving on the opposite side of the road as in the United States.
When I saw that, that is when it hit that I was truly going to be in
another country.

On landing, the we deplaned quickly and orderly (as I would expect from
the Japanese), I went through imigration and customs without issue,
knowing that I would be unable to check into the hotel before 1700, I
decided to kill some time in the airport, and change my money. I
purchased train tickets to Kanda station and boarded the 1515 train to
Tokyo station. I had heard that Japaense trains were punctual, but wow,
as soon as the clock hit 1515, that very second we pulled away from the
station.

The train made it to Tokyo station exactly as scheduled. I then started
to make my way through Tokyo station, which was unlike anything I've
ever seen before. Just the number of people rushing about was
incredible. From what I could tell I was succesful in avoiding being in
peoples way. I had to quickly check the train maps and made it to a
train that would take me to where I needed without issue. Though, I had
decided to take a train that was only going in the direction I needed to
avoid major screwups.

I made it to the capsule hotel (no photos inside) and checked in,
stashed my items and left looking for food. The choices were
overwhelming, so I decided to try and find a place for udon noodles.
This is where my most basic knowledge of the Japanese language came in
handy as no place had signs in English, I wandered around in circles for
a bit before I spooted the kana I was looking for, うどん. I could
barely communicate with the people, but was able to get my bowl of
noodles, making sure to slurp loudly.

After the noodles I returend to the hotel to bathe and sleep. I use the
word bathe because the only showering facilities are traditional
Japanese ones. Which, if you don't know how they work, have stools near
a wall and one (or more) communal bath tub. The procedue is to sit on
the stool and clean yourself, then, only when clean, enter the bath for
a bit of relaxation.

With myself clean, I crawled into the capsule and went to sleep. Today,
I am planning on going north on the train to Ueno and attempting to find
my way back on foot. A path that will take me through Akihabara.
